[Alerting][Docs] Support enablement documentation. (#101457)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/alerting/troubleshooting/alerting-common-issues.asciidoc

*Solution*

Rules and actions run as background tasks by each {kib} instance at a default rate of ten tasks every three seconds.
When diagnosing issues related to Alerting, focus on the tasks that begin with `alerting:` and `actions:`.

Alerting tasks always begin with `alerting:`. For example, the `alerting:.index-threshold` tasks back the <<rule-type-index-threshold, index threshold stack rule>>.
Action tasks always begin with `actions:`. For example, the `actions:.index` tasks back the <<index-action-type, index action>>.

For more details on monitoring and diagnosing task execution in Task Manager, see <<task-manager-health-monitoring>>.

[float]
[[connector-tls-settings]]
==== Connectors have TLS errors when executing actions

*Problem*

When executing actions, a connector gets a TLS socket error when connecting to
the server.

*Solution*

Configuration options are available to specialize connections to TLS servers,
including ignoring server certificate validation, and providing certificate
authority data to verify servers using custom certificates.  For more details, 
see <<action-settings,Action settings>>.

[float]
[[rules-long-execution-time]]

> ==== Identify long-running rules

Reviewer: Should we move this to the event log page since it's basically just a big event log query?

Author: The original idea was to keep all "common issues", like current (an issue with the long running rules) on the same page, where user can browse throw the list and find something similar to his problem. Does it make sense?

Alerting and action tasks are identified by their type.

* Alerting tasks always begin with `alerting:`. For example, the `alerting:.index-threshold` tasks back the <<rule-type-index-threshold, index threshold stack rule>>.
* Action tasks always begin with `actions:`. For example, the `actions:.index` tasks back the <<index-action-type, index action>>.

When diagnosing issues related to Alerting, focus on the tasks that begin with `alerting:` and `actions:`.

For more details on monitoring and diagnosing task execution in Task Manager, see <<task-manager-health-monitoring>>.

[float]
[[connector-tls-settings]]
=== Connectors have TLS errors when executing actions

*Problem*:

When executing actions, a connector gets a TLS socket error when connecting to
the server.

*Resolution*:

Configuration options are available to specialize connections to TLS servers,
including ignoring server certificate validation, and providing certificate
authority data to verify servers using custom certificates.  For more details, 
see <<action-settings,Action settings>>.

[float]
[[rules-long-execution-time]]

> === Identify long-running rules

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Rules take a long time to run
```

> The following query can help you identify rules that are taking a long time to execute and might impact the overall health of your deployment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Problem* 

Rules  are taking a long time to execute and are impacting the overall health of your deployment.
```

[IMPORTANT]
==============================================
By default, only users with a `superuser` role can query the {kib} event log because it is a system index. To enable additional users to execute this query, assign `read` privileges to the `.kibana-event-log*` index.
==============================================

> Query for a list of rule ids, bucketed by their execution times:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Solution*

Query for a list of rule ids, bucketed by their execution times:
```

              "value": "alerting" <2>
            }
          }
        }
      ]
    }
  },
  "runtime_mappings": { <3>
    "event.duration_in_seconds": {
      "type": "double",
      "script": {
        "source": "emit(doc['event.duration'].value / 1E9)"
      }
    }
  },
  "aggs": {
    "ruleIdsByExecutionDuration": {
      "histogram": {
        "field": "event.duration_in_seconds",
        "min_doc_count": 1,
        "interval": 1 <4>
      },
      "aggs": {
        "ruleId": {
          "nested": {
            "path": "kibana.saved_objects"
          },
          "aggs": {
            "ruleId": {
              "terms": {
                "field": "kibana.saved_objects.id",
                "size": 10 <5>
              }
            }
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
--------------------------------------------------
// TEST

<1> This queries for rules executed in the last day. Update the values of `lte` and `gte` to query over a different time range.
<2> Use `event.provider: actions` to query for long-running action executions.
<3> Execution durations are stored as nanoseconds. This adds a runtime field to convert that duration into seconds.

> <4> This interval buckets the event.duration_in_seconds runtime field into 1 second intervals. Update this value to change the granularity of the buckets. If you are unable to use runtime fields, make sure this aggregation targets `event.duration` and use nanoseconds for the interval.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<4> This interval buckets the `event.duration_in_seconds` runtime field into 1 second intervals. Update this value to change the granularity of the buckets. If you are unable to use runtime fields, make sure this aggregation targets `event.duration` and use nanoseconds for the interval.
```

Reviewer 2: Link to the runtime fields docs?
